

----
PURELY FRONT-END APP
As a user I want to see that Bryce is capable of serving up a beautiful UX.
As a  user I want demonstration of Bryce's ability to use Angular.
As a user I want to see some pretty fucking photos and watch cool videos
    on the same damn page!

Technology:
Front End: Angular, SASS, jQuery
Server: Ruby on Rails
DB: Who cares? SQL.

Pros:  A week of SASS and Angular. Easily done.
Cons: I have no cool visual content to share :( I don't really like front end stuff.
Conclusion: DROP idea, sounds lame.

----
RAILS APP that SERVES JSON with an API:
Topic:
DATA:
SOUCES:

Technology:
Front End: Angular. SASS. Other JavaScript only for advanced functionality.
Server:  Ruby on Rails? - Simple, relatively easy comp Express&Node, CLEAN
DB:  PostreSQL... relational data, updated infrequently.

NOT NEEDED: user-accesible CRUD. CRUD is entirely done autonomously.

Upside:  If specifically tailored for use by a large firm that needs to share data globally, and have that data modified based on the type of user/function, then this could be a cool and useful application. However, this needs to be specific and easily explained in lay terms. IE. non-target user must inherently understand why the backend modification of data for each user type is valuable. Visuals must be solid.
Downside:  Lame. No USER INTERACTION!
Conclusion: MODIFY idea for increased user interaction and clear value-add.

----
TWITTER idea:
As a user I should be able to see the number of tweets mentioning terrorist stuff.
        and a % of those that are positive
    terrorist stuff near me based on location of the person tweeting.
    terrorist stuff as a % of total tweets mentioning terrorism in my area.
Change my area, so i can see what the results would be for other locations.

Be alerted to a high number of recent terrorist-related tweets in my area by a color and or sound on the screen.

Be alerted (similarly as above) when there is a sudden spike in terrorism related tweets in my area.

See a notification whenever there is a surge in terrorism related tweets globally.

Technology:
Front End: Angular. jQuery. SASS
Server: Node API serving responses to requests - speed for large num of users
DB:  None required... possibly create one to store twitter data (num of pro-terrorism tweets by day) for key cities.

NOT NEEDED:  User Authentication. Database. OAuth (possibly, if the app gets popular).

Downside:  Dangerous. Will attract the wrong kind of attention.
Conclusion: DROP idea. Possibly reconsider later with clandestine approach.
